WIP 🐛 (go/v4, helm/v2-alpha): ensure NetworkPolicies are correct and consistent (#5905)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/available/helm-v2-alpha.md

Install manually with all features enabled:

```bash
$ helm install my-release ./dist/chart --namespace my-project-system --create-namespace
```

For charts without conversion webhooks, disable the manager and optional components:

```bash
$ helm install my-release ./dist/chart \
  --set manager.enabled=false \
  --set metrics.enabled=false \
  --set webhook.enabled=false \
  --set prometheus.enabled=false \
  --set certManager.enabled=false \

>   --set networkPolicy.enabled=false

Reviewer: Is this really necessary to set these explicitly on installation? For my project (without webhooks) these default to `false` anyway 🤔

Author: This only to demostrate that all need to be false I will try to clarify.

```

For charts without conversion webhooks, install without webhooks:

```bash
$ helm install my-release ./dist/chart --set webhook.enabled=false --set certManager.enabled=false
```

> Charts with conversion CRDs reject `webhook.enabled=false`. The API server needs the webhook Service to convert custom resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charts with CR version conversion reject `webhook.enabled=false`. The API server needs the webhook Service to convert custom resources.
```
